Don't move
It's so embarrassing. He doesn't think I did it on purpose, does he?
Not yet awake
My skin is more
Say
Wait a minute I have something to do
Is this the case today?
Then I'll give you a car.
You stay here.
Next week is my mother's birthday.
Please help me choose a gift.
If there is, I will buy it directly.
Hmm, whatever
Welcome.
What do you need?
I'll take a look first
I don't know what your budget is.
I'm not sure. I'll see if there is any suitable one first.
This is our discount section.
There should be what you need.
See for yourself.
But don't touch it
I said don't touch it
This is the most we just flew in from France
New model
This is the only one in the world.
Can you afford a broken cat?
Your home is an internationally renowned brand after all
Is the service attitude like this?
If you are our VIP customer
We are naturally respectful
Be patient when buying gifts for the old lady
Wrap it up, you can afford it.
Don't you understand?
Yes, yes, yes, I'll wrap it up for you and wait a minute.
I'll take this skirt.